Title: The Two Token Cryptoeconomic Model
Date: 2018-03-20 9:15
Tags: blockchain

On the Sia blog, Zach Herbert [wrote about some of the thinking behind Sia’s two-token cryptoeconomic model][article]. Sia has
a utility token for using the network and a revenue-sharing token for sharing in revenue generated by the network. Sia holds
lots of the latter and very few of the former. This, as Zach rightly says, aligns the founder’s incentives with that of the
network.

I quite like the design but I disagree with some of the criticisms of single-token models and ICOs and tend to think it’s more a
question of tradeoffs.

Here is what Zach says about a hypothetical utility token called Y-Coin:

> When looking at the incentives, it’s important to examine the path of least resistance. In Y-Coin’s case, developing a
> technically-sound, working network with a large user base is not the easiest way to increase YCN’s value. Instead, the easiest
> way is to pour resources into marketing and public relations.
>
> Counterintuitively, developing a working Y-Coin network may actually decrease YCN’s value, because it would increase YCN’s
> usage. This is because, in order to access network utility, Y-Coin users need to spend their YCN. This, in turn, increases YCN’s
> token velocity, which puts negative pressure on YCN’s price. Read more about token velocity here.
>
> The Y-Coin team therefore may even have a disincentive to deliver a working network!

The first claim against the single-token model is that the founders, post ICO, incentivized to maximize the value of the token as
that is their only source of compensation, are inevitably driven to spend their resources on marketing and PR instead of product
development.

This, I think, can be pretty easily fixed with sensible vesting schedules for the founding team.

The second claim is that the moment the network is operational, the velocity of the token will increase and pull its value
downwards. Hence, the founding team has a disincentive to deliver a working product.

I’m sympathetic to the velocity problem but, again, think that there are ways to attenuate it. See [Kyle Samani’s post][kyle] on
two possible models that address this: burn-and-mint equilibrium (BME) and work tokens. (I acknowledge that much of this is just
theory but none of these models have much empirical data behind them.) 

Also, I’m skeptical that velocity is all that noticeable in the early days of a network. It’s more likely that token values will
suffer due to slower-than-expected adoption. Potential usage is much more alluring than actual usage. (Note that the
velocity-resistant models do not protect against this.)

Finally, re: revenue-sharing tokens. While founder alignment is great in the early days of the network it diverges later on.
Even as technology improves and workflows are refined there is no incentive for founders (or other token holders) to ever reduce
fees.

In this respect, single-token models seem to compensate founders more fairly: you get paid as the network grows but not beyond
that. Extracting fees from a network in a steady state seems like rent-seeking to me.

None of this is to say that the two-token model is a bad design — it may well prove to be the best for many use cases, including
Sia’s — just that, to my eyes, it’s not inherently better. Instead it just chooses different tradeoffs.

[article]: https://blog.sia.tech/the-ico-paradox-and-how-to-fix-it-3bfc61bc6eb8
[kyle]: https://multicoin.capital/2018/02/13/new-models-utility-tokens/