content/pages/about.md, before:

Title: About Me
Slug: about

![Hiking in Tuolumne]({filename}/images/yosemite-600.jpg)

I tinker at [YuMe](http://www.yume.com), a digital video advertising behemoth that acquired my little startup, Crowd
Science. I founded Crowd Science in 2008 along with [John Wainwright](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wainwright_(computer_scientist))
and [Paul Neto](http://blog.paulneto.com) and we built machine learning-based prediction engines for online publishers.

Prior to founding Crowd Science I was part of the engineering team at [comScore](http://www.comscore.com/) and
[Cisco](http://www.cisco.com) as well as a handful of startups in Sydney and Toronto.

I have a degree in Computer Science from the [University of Sydney](http://www.usyd.edu.au/) with a very major minor
in Philosophy.

Also, I like to [climb](https://www.flickr.com/photos/johnmartin78/sets/72157637739904054/)
[rocks](https://www.flickr.com/photos/johnmartin78/sets/72157634961327591/).

Email me at [john@lonepixel.com](mailto:john@lonepixel.com) or eat my tweets at [@johnm](http://twitter.com/johnm).

Commit message:

Added a post. Added footer links. Tweaks to formatting.

content/pages/about.md, after:

Title: About Me
Slug: about

![Hiking in Tuolumne]({filename}/images/yosemite-600.jpg)

These days, I design and build things at [YuMe](http://www.yume.com), a digital video advertising behemoth that acquired my little startup, Crowd
Science. I founded Crowd Science in 2008 with [John Wainwright](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wainwright_(computer_scientist))
and [Paul Neto](http://blog.paulneto.com) and we built machine learning-based prediction engines for online publishers.

Prior to founding Crowd Science I was part of the engineering team at [comScore](http://www.comscore.com/) and
[Cisco](http://www.cisco.com) as well as a handful of startups in Sydney and Toronto.

I have a degree in Computer Science from the [University of Sydney](http://www.usyd.edu.au/) with a very major minor
in Philosophy.

Also, I like to [climb](https://www.flickr.com/photos/johnmartin78/sets/72157637739904054/)
[rocks](https://www.flickr.com/photos/johnmartin78/sets/72157634961327591/).

Email me at [john@lonepixel.com](mailto:john@lonepixel.com) or eat my tweets at [@johnm](http://twitter.com/johnm).

<hr>

This site is built with [Pelican](http://blog.getpelican.com).

The awesome helmet icon at the top of the page is by Ruben Verhasselt from
[The Noun Project](http://thenounproject.com/) and the Twitter icon in the footer is from
[Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/).

The font used is [Whitney](http://www.typography.com/fonts/whitney/overview/) from the fine folks at
Hoefler & Co.
